!open (channel owner only) - Lets people add levels to the queue.

!close (channel owner only) - Prevents people from adding levels to the queue.

!add - Adds a level to the queue.  Expected that a level code like xxx xxx xxx or xxx-xxx-xxx will follow the command.

!remove / !leave - Removes someone's level from the queue.  The channel owner can specify a name after the command to remove someone else's level.

!replace / !change / !swap - Changes the level code for someone.  A level code is expected to follow the command.  The location in the queue will be preserved.

!level (channel owner only) - Gets a level from the queue respecting the level selection order found in the settings.

!order - Shows the current level selection order found in the settings as well as how the next level will be selected when !level is used.

!next (channel owner only) - Gets the next level from the queue.  If in random mode, it will get a random level instead.

!random (channel owner only) - Gets a random level from the queue.

!subnext (channel owner only) - Gets the next level from the queue, but only if the level was added by a subscriber.

!subrandom (channel owner only) - Gets a random level from the queue, but only if the level was added by a subscriber.

!modnext (channel owner only) - Gets the next level from the queue, but only if the level was added by a moderator.

!modrandom (channel owner only) - Gets a random level from the queue, but only if the level was added by a moderator.

!punt (channel owner only) - Moves the current level to the end of the queue.

!dip (channel owner only) - Pulls a specific user's level from the queue up to the current level.  Expected a username after the command.

!current - Displays the username and code associated with the current level.

!list / !queue - Gives an in-order list of levels in the queue.  It will display the current level, the levels of those currently online and shows how many offline levels there are.  In random mode the order of the list is randomized.

!position - Tells someone where their level is in the queue.  In random mode this position will be randomized.

!chance - Tells someone their chance of winning random.

!start (channel owner only) - Begins the level timer.  The value for this timer is in settings.js and is in minutes.  At the end of the timer, a message will be displayed in chat.

!resume (channel owner only) - Resumes a paused level timer.

!pause (channel owner only) - Pauses the level timer.

!restart (channel owner only) - Restarts the level timer.

!restore (channel owner only) - If any changes were made to the cached queue file, this command will reload the queue with the new file information.

!clear (channel owner only) - Removes all levels from the queue and clears the current level. 

!lurk - Marks the sender as offline.  Their levels will not be surfaced.

!back - Marks the sender as online.  Their levels will now be surfaced.
